Add doc for allowInsecureConnections (#3144)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/reference/errors-and-warnings/NU1803.md

- Correct the specified url. You may have mistyped the source url. Change the url to explicitly request the `HTTPS` version of the source.
- Work with the owner of the source and ask them to migrate to `HTTPS`.

> - If you are absolutely certain the 'HTTP' server you are connecting to is trustworthy, you may opt out this warning by setting `allowInsecureConnections` to `true`` for this package source, in [Package source sections](..\nuget-config-file.md#package-source-sections) of NuGet.Config file. (Supported in NuGet 6.8+)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are absolutely certain the 'HTTP' server you are connecting to is trustworthy, you may opt out of this warning by setting `allowInsecureConnections` to `true` for this package source, in [Package source sections](..\nuget-config-file.md#package-source-sections) of your NuGet.Config file. (Supported in NuGet 6.8+)
```

Author: Thanks @donnie-msft !

> - If you are absolutely sure the 'HTTP' server you are connecting to is trustworthy, you may opt out this warning/error by setting `allowInsecureConnections` to "true" for this package source, in [Package source sections](..\nuget-config-file.md#package-source-sections) of NuGet.Config file. (Supported in NuGet 6.8+)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you are absolutely certain the 'HTTP' server you are connecting to is trustworthy, you may opt out this warning by setting `allowInsecureConnections` to `true` for this package source, in [Package source sections](..\nuget-config-file.md#package-source-sections) of NuGet.Config file. (Supported in NuGet 6.8+)
```

We should just call it a warning for now as that's it is. 
We might even need to consider changing the code when it becomes an error?
Not sure how we want to handle it yet.

Author: Thanks! Changed it into an warning for now.
Not sure if we need to change the code when it becomes an error.
Checked https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings, seems errors about source starts from 13* while warnings start with 18* ? Not sure if changing the code will cause some confusion.
Perhaps @JonDouglas could help on this :)

> - If you are absolutely certain the 'HTTP' server you are connecting to is trustworthy, you may opt out of this warning by setting `allowInsecureConnections` to `true` for this package source, in [Package source sections](..\nuget-config-file.md#package-source-sections) of your NuGet.Config file. (Supported in NuGet 6.8+)

Reviewer 3: https doesn't protect against servers that are untrustworthy, they only protect against a NETWORK that is untrustworthy. If a hacker gains control of the server, the https certificate isn't going to help protect anything. But if you go to the command line and do `tracert <hostname>`, for example `tracert api.nuget.org`, https tries to protect against any one of those hops from being malicious and potentially delivering content that is different to what the server itself wanted you to see.
